Add Pod State Scheduling Plugin (#103)
kubernetes-sigs/scheduler-plugins: pkg/podstate/README.md

# Overview

This folder holds a sample plugin implementation based 
on the number of terminating and nominated Pods on a Node.

## Maturity Level

<!-- Check one of the values: Sample, Alpha, Beta, GA -->

- [x] 💡 Sample (for demonstrating and inspiring purpose)
- [ ] 👶 Alpha (used in companies for pilot projects)
- [ ] 👦 Beta (used in companies and developed actively)
- [ ] 👨 Stable (used in companies for production workloads)

## Pod State Plugin

> TThis is a score plugin to take terminating and nominated Pods into accounts.
> As those terminating Pods would be physically removed eventually from nodes, 
> the nodes which has more terminating Pods, will get higher score.
> For the nominated nodes (e.g. set by Pods in preemption), they would be given 
> a lower score, as the nodes are supposed to accormordate some preemptor pod in a 
> future scheduling cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a score plugin that takes terminating and nominated Pods into accounts in the following manner:
- the nodes that have more terminating Pods will get a higher score as those terminating Pods would be physically removed eventually from nodes
- the nodes that have more nominated Pods (which carry .status.nominatedNodeName) will get a lower score as the nominated nodes are supposed to accommodate some preemptor pod in a 
future scheduling cycle.
```
